Peggy 18
everybody i'm gabe graziani
your community developer on Assassin's
Creed Brotherhood I'm here at e3
conducting an interview with our
associate producer Jeff Wong hello and
our creative director on the multiplayer
Stephan bode hi thank you for joining me
general my pleasure
so we've collected some questions from
the community and the first one the key
thing that people want to know is where
does this assets Creed Brotherhood pick
up after Assassin's Creed 2 oh it picks
up right after the events of Assassin's
Creed 2 at the end of Assassin's Creed 2
Ezio goes head-to-head with Rodrigo
Borgia that brings him back to the villa
auditoria so is basically his family
villa at which point he sort of takes a
quick break you know following the
events and meanwhile the Borja are
setting up a counter-attack a very huge
counter-attack and that will bring him
to rome to the center of the Borgia
influence now we've heard a lot about
the Brotherhood
Ezio is going to be amassing an army of
assassins a group of assassins to help
fight him and our community was curious
to know how much differentiation are we
going to see among those assassins are
they going to be different specifically
or they will there be more generic the
entire assassins Brotherhood part but
there's there's the entire what's you
know the Saxons Creed is also you know
Desmond's story so it's also that part
of what's happening right now or in the
very early future and we'll talk about
that in a minute but like I said Etsy
was going to be forced to go to Rome the
center of the board to influence of
power and corruption and he goes there
and in Rome is decrepid the people are
starving and and the you know there are
guards everywhere and he can't basically
do it all by himself so he'll be in sort
of a safe citizen type of manner he'll
be recruiting assassins and sending him
out on missions to train them so they're
very easy missions at the very beginning
and they go up to very very difficult
missions and are historically set
so for example you have a Vasco de Gama
mission and then when they come back
they get experience points which you'll
be able to spend uniquely on each
assassin but there's this entire part of
you know meanwhile yeah I mean Abstergo
while it's you it's building is
Brotherhood that the world between the
assassins from the tomba is reaching new
heights and so the Templar are
recruiting new subjects to be trained to
to the art of the assassins as well so
the idea around that I don't know if you
were never better
during a situ when you where escaping
from Abstergo industries you've seen
that you know huge room with all what
you call the enemy the anime which is
the plural for animus
this is where they are training their
new subjects and that's where the story
is for the multiplayer part now are we
going to see any changes in the combat
system oh yeah very much so
one that's one of the things that came
up a lot from from our fans and you know
AC 2 was all about diversity and whatnot
and we you know we got that pretty much
down pat people like the diversity as
opposed to AC one one thing that came
out a lot from the fans was well the
fight system is a bit sort of slow-paced
it's a bit a question of you know
waiting and it was a bit more defensive
oriented and now we wanted to reward
those who strike first strike fast
those who actually are very offensive so
you have a lot more combo it's a lot
more visceral it's a lot more fast-paced
if you do a combo move or counter kill
in AC 2 you couldn't get that
interrupted it was like a one shot one
kill guaranteed this time around you
will be able to be attacked from the
back and as you'll see in the demo I
think we kill like 20 people in 25
seconds or something crazy like that so
it's a lot more fast-paced we wanted to
reward those who are really good with
you know with their technique of
fighting cool now of course the biggest
question on our community's mind is
since we put up the Assassin's Creed
Brotherhood website with all the weapons
and things they're very curious about
what kind of new weapons and devices
we'll see in the next
can you give us any information on that
sure there's a bunch of new stuff
obviously we're now you know it's a
Assassin's Creed Brotherhood is a full
single-player game and has you know full
multiplayer component to it
so we needed to add we wanted to add
that all that new stuff and one of these
things are the exotic gameplay elements
so last time around we had the you know
the flying machine this time around we
have the cannon gameplay and that's just
one example of the different machinery
that you'll be able to use and there's a
lot of environmental things that we've
added as well tools yes tools like the
lifts to basically to reach the roof
quicker because the pace of the
multiplayer was so intense that we
definitely needed something to go
quickly on the roof and to go very fast
to cope with the pace of the game and we
wanted just like edu to have like a
certain personality for each character
so we've made like on crafted weapon
specific to each new to player character
and it's also good to hear that Leo's
back I'm sure that a lot of our fans are
going to be very excited to know and we
and it's a really really cool twist what
happens with Leo this time around so you
know stay tuned for more to come
well great thank you very much for
joining me today gentlemen welcome it's
been a fantastic interview answered so
many questions thank you